                                                         10 real-life industry requirements to develop Teamcenter Batch ITK programs:

Requirement 1:

Create a batch utility to create items and revision of required object type and ids as per input given in the text file.

Requirement 2:

Search Item Revision in the Teamcenter and attach a required file as a dataset to searched item revision in the Teamcenter and generate log information in the text file. Take Item ID, Item Revision ID, File Type, File Path as arguments.

Requirement 3:

Search Item Revision in the Teamcenter and download the file from the required custom dataset attached to item revision. Create a folder with ItemID_RevID name and store a physical file in that folder.

Requirement 4:

Execute batch utility at 6 PM daily, which will find a list of Items created on that day and send the list of IDs over the mail to required recipients. Read the list of recipient’s mail IDs from preference.

Requirement 5:

Create Change Object using batch utility and attach required Problem Items and Solution Items to Change Object revision. Read input values from the CSV file and generate log information in the log file.

Requirement 6:

Extract BOM information in the TXT file by taking Item ID and Rev Id of a top node as an input argument.

Requirement 7:

Create a single-level BOM structure in the Teamcenter by taking values from the input CSV file. Also, set required BOMLine attributes given in the input file. The first line of an input file will be a top node of BOM.

Requirement 8:

Extract Project Information from the project module and store it in the text file. Also, extract the status of project team members. Read values of project ids from the input text file.

Requirement 9:

Release Item Revision and all its secondary objects with required status. Read input values from the txt file. Generate failure log information in the log file.

Requirement 10:

Generate CSV report of a number of objects submitted to workflow process in a particular duration and their workflow stage. Input will be date range and Object type as an argument.